Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I did it.
I left Steve.
Fuck. Fuck. Where do I live?
By getting divorced.
am I just single?
Like. right now. am I a single
person with stage-four cancer?
Why would I do that? Why
would anyone do that? Fuck.
I'm just gonna head to my place. and
then we'll figure it out from there.
What's the plan?
I just wanna be touched by someone
who wants to touch me.
Is that crazy?
No. No.
that is not crazy.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Fuck.
Okay.
- This is gonna be amazing.
- Yeah.
- Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
- Okay.
Yeah. this is good.
I have nothing with.
- I can do this.
- Mm-hmm.
Why did I wear
overalls this morning?
What kind of man wants to fuck a woman
with cancer who also wears overalls?
Okay.
Ignore that I'm crying.
This is This is This is good.
Okay.
You got it.
The
air smells different.
Is this a sign?
Is this a sign
from the universe?
Yes! Yes to everything
you were just acting out!
God. he's
putting so much effort into that.
Thank you.
About me.
I like music and the ocean?
No.
I'm a dirty. dirty slut who
likes windsurfing and pottery
and giving weird sad blow jobs.
No.
I'm 40. homeless. married. can't
feel my breasts. and I like trees?
Oh. my God.
- Hi.
Hi.
Okay. We know Nikki's not gonna be
able to take care of you. right?
I think she has
emotional problems.
No. she doesn't.
She's just loud.
Like. some undiagnosed
form of adult ADHD.
She's never been in a
relationship for more than a year.
How do you know she's not
gonna bail when it gets hard?
Look. I know you
guys have a thing.
Whatever that is. I understand
the power of female friendship.
I do. I know every
word to Beaches.
You used to jerk off to Beaches.
Ha ha. No. I didn't.
Look
The only reason she likes you is because
you never call her out on anything.
You know it. and I know it.
You're always just there
whenever she needs you.
That's That's what this
situation is. Okay? I said it.
What is that? Is that...
That's a chode!
Hello?
I joined a dating app.
You're You're
immunocompromised.
You can't do that. You
can't just go and have s...
You're gonna have
sex with strangers?
This is what you do. You
You run away. You disappear.
It's like I don't even know
who the fuck you are sometimes.
And. like. Nikki's not gonna
be able to take care of you.
She can't handle it. okay?
I said it. I said it.
She can't handle what's coming.
She's like She's a child.
She just makes noises.
That's all she does.
Bad. Come. wait upon him.
Lead him to my bower.
The moon. methinks. methinks.
methinks
- "Looks with a watery eye."
- No I got it. I got it.
The moon. methinks. methinks.
looks with a watery eye.
And when she weeps.
weeps every little
- Fuck me!
- Yeah. no. no. You got it.
"Every little" fuck me.
Did they forget about us?
Oh. no. this is what it's like.
You wait a half an hour to get called.
then you wait again in the room.
Like. 80% of having
cancer is waiting.
Is this gonna make you
late for rehearsal?
Mm-mmm. No. it's
fine. I'll make it.
Okay. I don't want this
to mess up your life.
I want you to have time for
Noah and the play. and...
Yes. I will. It's not like
I'm solving world hunger.
I'm still living off the
residuals from a TV show
where I played Benjamin
Franklin's whore.
You were so great in that.
Thank you.
God. this is so exciting. Look at how
many pictures of penises I'm getting.
Wow.
What a fantastic penis.
It's like a sunflower
just bending
- towards the sun.
- Yeah. I know. It's. like. hopeful.
Mmm.
So.
as we discussed.
you have bone metastasis
in your pelvic region.
I can't - Treatment
- I can't do this again.
- to slow the spread of the cancer
- and relieve any symptoms.
- What if I get up. walk out. die in a hole
- without doctors or medicine or -
But the main goal is to fight this
- for as long as we can.
- I could die like a bear.
I'm going to deploy all
the weapons in my arsenal.
- How do bears die? In caves?
- Okay. So. uh
There caves in New York?
My mission is to extend your
life as long as possible.
Now. the...
Steve takes notes.
Oh. yeah. For sure. Got it.
No. Not the bag.
The bag is so bad. The
bag makes me so afraid.
I -
Um
Oh. my gosh.
Are we getting close?
Close to computer.
Okay. I have the 'Kay.
Are there two separate
crumb cakes in there?
- That's what they appear to be.
- It's a long story.
Uh. now. uh. first. we're going
to do some follow-up diagnostics
to. uh. assess the biochemical
and hormonal activity.
You'll need to schedule a.
uh. full-body scan ASAP.
- I'm so sorry. Sorry.
- What?
I'm gonna interrupt and
ask a lot of questions.
'cause that's how my
ADHD presents itself.
Not that I I don't know
if I actually have ADHD.
but I'm pretty sure I do.
Um. would you mind just going a bit
slower and then I can probably take.
- like. "Steve notes." and
- Yeah.
The biopsy showed
hormone-positive cancer.
so we're going to. uh. begin monthly shots
of leuprolide to lower estrogen production
and. uh. get you into menopause.
- Menopause?
- Menopause.
- Right.
- What?
Sorry. That's funny.
'Cause I just thought that
the one benefit of dying young
was that I wouldn't have
to go through menopause.
So. uh. you can you can expect symptoms.
Um. hot flashes. mood
swings. insomnia.
uh. muscle pains.
uh. decreased libido.
Oh. wait. no. Sorry.
That's not gonna work
with Molly's goals.
It's okay. it's okay.
- Don't think about this.
- What else do you have?
- Think about dicks.
- What do I have?
There's so many dicks pouring
into your inbox right now.
- That is the first line of treatment.
- Yes. Dicks.
- Let me see if I can explain.
- Dicks.
- Imagine you're playing a round of golf.
- Big dicks. little dicks
Lines of treatments
are like golf clubs.
Round dicks. smooth
dicks. funny dicks.
So. hormone therapy. that
would be like my driver.
It's not a lofted
club. but it's... What?
Oh. no. no. So sorry.
Thank you so much.
We don't understand
golf metaphors at all.
- It's just not gonna happen.
- Dicks.
- Oh.
- Can you explain what you are saying?
- Ooh. that's a cool one.
- Yes. uh. I can.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
So. like. a nine iron. Now.
that that is a lofted club...
Oh. my God. No. not the golf.
- I don't want you to explain golf.
- Just ask. Ask the question.
When am I going to die?
The research is
changing every day.
and every case is different.
But the five-year survival
rate is around 30%.
So not immediately. but soon.
I can't cure you. but
I can give you time.
So get that scan and let's
get you into menopause. huh?
Okay. Right.
So. for the
scan today. -
- I don't have time for this.
- we need to send Molly's records over.
But you can't do that because a
hospital in the great city of New York
cannot communicate with its
patients unless it's through...
An app called MyChart.
The main things you need are
ID. insurance card. any CDs...
Any CDs like. actual
1998? We're talking CDs?
Yes. Um. I'm gonna go
get them from Steve.
Okay. I'm coming with you.
- No. You have rehearsal.
- Oh. my God. I have rehearsal.
- I'll just be a little bit late.
- No. um. I got it. I got it. I got it.
I'm in. Calling. It's I'm fine.
- Okay.
- I got it. I'm good.
- Really. Go.
- Okay. All right. Okay.
So. I'll just see
you at the scan.
- Yeah.
- Amazing. We're doing it.
- Oh. Have some cake.
- Oh. my God.
- It's loose and unwrapped.
- Whoo!
- I love you.
- I love you. I love you. Okay.
Okay. I'm
just gonna call Steve.
Molly. your friend.
uh. left her laptop.
- Thank you. Uh - Mm-hmm.
So. is Steve just gone?
Oh Oh. yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
I don't have time.
Do you want to meet in
person and do it with me?
No.
Come and get this ass. boy.
So.
on this card. I think
I have some points.
Um. Yeah. I'm not I'm not exactly
sure how long I'm staying.
Uh. yes. I'd like your
finest suite to do some hard-core sex
with a guy named Jason R.
Who just messaged me back.
Nope.
Oh. no. Is he real?
Is my cancer making me hallucinate
male models in elevators?
God. you smell.
Have you been working out?
Look at those AirPods
so tight in your ears.
Oh. I wish I was an AirPod
in your ear.
Talk to him. Talk to him. You're
gonna be dead in less than five years.
It doesn't matter. Nothing
matters. Talk to him.
Hey.
- Yeah. That's good.
- Sorry?
Do you wanna come up to my room?
Why?
Oh.
Yeah. Cool.
Cool. Yeah. What the fuck?
He's gonna see your
mastectomy scars.
Gonna have to hear
about his childhood.
Are you gonna get
his email address?
Are you guys gonna
stay in touch?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
changed my mind.
Have a great rest of your day.
I like your overalls.
Where's Peaseblossom?
- Ready.
- Oh.
No. No. You You enter
like a waterfall.
- I don't know.
- What does that mean?
- You can't do anything...
- Waterfall.
- I know that.
- Oh. you know?
I'm just I'm at work. Steve.
She was supposed to call you.
Well. she didn't. And you don't
know where she is. So. you lost her.
I didn't lose her. I'm meeting
up with her after my rehearsal.
We're gonna go get a scan.
I know. Uh. uh. I get push
notifications from from MyChart.
Did Did you set up your
push notifications?
No. Steve. I haven't
had a chance to do that
in the half a day that I've
been dealing with this.
Okay. Look. the
folder and the drive.
they have a username and
password for the portal.
- Oh.
- uh. social security. uh. infor... Hold on.
Uh. this
is super important.
This CD has all of her
medical records. okay?
- Okay.
- It's got PDFs from four years
- of breast cancer treatment. okay?
- Okay.
Can I get the MyChart info?
- You gave me the portal info.
- MyChart is the portal!
- Jesus!
- Okay.
No. not okay.
It's not okay because
you have no idea
what it means to take care
of somebody with cancer.
and you're the least organized
person I've ever met.
- Okay.
- Here's the deal.
You can be the fun friend. but
if you're gonna be a caretaker.
you're gonna have to be
there all the time. okay?
You're gonna have to
manage everything.
and you're gonna have
to watch her in pain.
Uh
He He wants to see
you stroke my snout.
- Okay.
- Wow.
Cool. Go do that. No. Go
stroke his fucking snout.
Do you really think you're the
person to take care of her?
Nikki. Donkey time.
Okay. I know that
you're in pain right now. Steve.
I am too. I am.
- Okay.
- So. here
Thank you. Sorry.
Okay. So I
come up to him and.
"sleep thou. and I will
wind thee in my arms."
Um. why do I have a charge for $1.000
on my card for a hotel in midtown?
This is my place of work.
And 200 for some kind
of sexual toy store.
What the fuck is going on?
Well. this is the
biggest vibrator I've ever use.
No.
What?
Okay.
Oh.
Ma'am. you did very well.
Actually. you were incredible.
I've never seen
driving like that.
- Annie.
- What?
- It's my name. Annie.
- Call her Annie.
- Annie.
- Yeah. call her fucking Annie.
As opposed to ma'am.
Okay.
One more time.
You can do it!
Talk about your tits. They hug?
No. They're nice.
I wouldn't call
them huge. but they're great.
And what did your mom say when
you brought up the nursing home?
She changed the subject.
- She always changes the subjec.
- Mmm.
I
like talking to you.
Aw. I like talking to you.
Can I see your pussy?
No. I don't think so.
Okay. Uh. thanks for watching.
Uh. don't forget to subscribe
to my YouTube channel.
Okay. I will. Thank you.
What the fuck?
She's on her way. Just
please hold the appointment.
Oh. come on. Carla. I can tell
you're starting to like me
by the way that you're
avoiding eye contact.
To schedule the next available. I
need an insurance card and records.
Okay. Let's do that.
What? No.
Uh. I had the CD with the
with the thing.
With the records.
It's here
Fuck it.
- Molly.
- Nikki.
I've been trying to call you.
Nikki. I clicked
a bad link on your laptop.
Oh. my God.
I don't have my laptop!
No. I I know. I have it.
It's been hacked by
some kind of a porn man.
I don't know who he is. but someone
has a video of me masturbating.
- Pick that up.
- Sorry.
Um. is it a video that's.
like. clearly you?
Or will people think
that that's me?
How is that your first
question? Nikki. help me! Help me!
I'm sorry! I'm 'Kay. Yes.
I'm coming. I'm hanging up.
Clean that up.
I'm not gonna leave
all of my things on the floor.
Deeply humiliating.
To just observe me as I
exist in my own personal hell.
- Where are you?
- Don't walk in front of the computer.
I don't know if the camera is on.
- Oh. my God.
- The screen just froze. and then
and then that window popped up
and said they have a video of me.
What's going on here. buddy?
- Well. I got a vibrator delivered.
- Let me see it.
Well. it's it's resting right now
in the ice bucket. It overheated.
What?
What the fuck did
you do to that thing?
I didn't call Steve.
I panicked. and I I came to this
hotel. and then I got a room.
and then I tried to meet a guy.
but but I got scared. so-so
so I just I
masturbated all day.
No. that's good. That's good. That's
good. Masturbation is important.
What if I just
Steve thinks I'm just. like. running
away into some kind of a fantasy.
No. No. you're doing
everything you need to do.
Uh. speaking of. I saw Steve.
Um. I got your records from him.
and now they're not in my bag.
- You lost my records?
- Well. they were in my bag. I'm just...
Your bag is a black hole.
I've always hated your bag.
You need to clean your bag.
You need to organize your bag.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I don't
know how to do this.
I'm not. like. a pro at
taking care of people.
I'm bad at taking
care of people.
Not your fault. It's
too much to ask.
- Yes. it is.
- I'm calling Steve.
Don't do that. Don't call Steve.
No. don't do that. I can do this.
Don't go and hide and
be safe with Steve.
He does not care about what
you want or who you are.
And that's why you married him.
And it was chickenshit then.
and it's chickenshit now.
Shit. The screen.
It's growing.
Oh. Look at you. Look at
you. You are so beautiful.
- Oh. my God.
- No. What?
- Oh. my God! Can I use your credit card?
- Oh. no. no. Me?
Please. Steve will get a bank
alert on our joint account.
I don't I don't have that.
We want to help you.
I mean it's
not like a chat. right?
Oh. my God.
Sir. we want
to be cooperative.
We're just trying to figure out where
the funds might come from at this point.
Coming back was the
right decision.
No. I'm not back. I...
I I fixed everything.
I paid the ransom to the man.
I don't know how much it was
'cause it was in Bahamian dollars.
but that's okay.
I want you to have
everything you want.
And if what you want is to
masturbate with men online
I'm okay with that.
Why?
Because I think this is all some
part of your healing process
around your your
your core wound.
I'm sorry. can we
please close this?
I can't keep looking
at this photo of you.
Why not? Why can't you look at it?
It's disgusting. I don't
wanna see you like that.
I Like I said.
I'm open to you
exploring your urges.
I just As long as this
doesn't happen again.
- I shouldn't have called you.
- What?
I'm not gonna call you again.
Come on. Just Is it 'cause
I said "disgusting"?
We don't need to get divorced.
I don't want anything from you.
I don't want any money.
I'm gonna liquidate my 401.
I had that before we met.
And
And now we know I'm
not gonna get old. so
Jesus.
Go. Go.
Oh. God.
Hey. Don't
Don't do this.
The only thing that I ask is if I
can stay on your insurance. okay?
Yeah. Yeah. of
course. Of course.
Molly. I'm tryna protect you.
I'm sorry I said that. I just I'm
trying to keep you safe. Okay?
That was stupid.
I shouldn't have said it.
Do you think we even
know each other?
Yeah. I do.
I think we do.
Look what I found.
It was stuck inside
my leaf face.
Of course it was
in your leaf face.
I'm sorry.
Can we just get drunk? Because it's
my last night before menopause.
What's all that?
This? I moved out. This
is my lamp now. I did it.
Oh. my God. Oh. this is
all your stuff!
Okay.
All day I've been thinking
about this one thing.
which is that my
Aunt Pearl told me
that she had the best sex of
her life during menopause.
It's like they make you think
that's not gonna happen.
but in fact. she. like. really focused up
about it and she kind of. like. dedicated
It was. like. in her
schedule. I remember this.
It cut into her hours at the community
center. She didn't give a shit.
What are you What
are you What is this?
Can I look where you're looking?
Is that for me. or is he
trying to get a drink?
I think that's for you.
Do you think he can tell I've
come six times already today?
Oh.
Who's gonna make
it number seven?
Nice lamp.
Hell yes. I'm gonna
empty my voicemail box.
which actually is
something that I have to
I've been meaning to do it. I
love you. My phone will be on.
I probably shouldn't
have brought this lamp with me.
I want him. I want him to
rub that beard on my face.
I want him.
Oh. God. I want him right
now. I can't wait anymore.
I can't wait. I
Do you wanna kiss me?
Yeah. very much.
Did I You okay?
No. it's great. Keep going.
- Okay.
- I love your boobs.
- Thanks.
- Jesus. Fuck.
- Okay. Hold on. Hold on.
- Shit. Shit. shit. shit. shit. shit.
- Oh. What?
Shit. Shit. shit. shit.
- I'm gonna come.
- Oh.
Not in my car. Not in my car!
- What the fuck?
- I barely touched you.
Oh.
Come on. dude.
Hey. I got you.
I'm sorry. Oh.
I'm coming!
Oh! Sorry.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- It's okay.
- That felt so good.
- Get the fuck out of my car.
- I don't think he can.
- I'm sorry.
- Get out of my car! Get out of my car!
Get out of my car!
Your side. Your side.
- Are you okay?
- Ah. Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
I'm sorry. Thank you. I'm sorry.
- Oh. shit. My hat. My hat.
- Your hat. Your hat.
Her hat.
- Don't forget the hat. Yeah. yeah.
- Are you okay?
- - Hold on.
- It's too tender. Don't.
It's too much right
now.
- I'm sorry.
- No. don't be sorry. It's fine.
- Sorry. I'm sorry.
- No. no. no
♪ Upside mine ♪
♪ When you touch my body
With your fingertips ♪
♪ Touch my body
Till I don't exist ♪
♪ Touch my body Till
it really fits ♪
♪ Touch my body
Please. please. do it ♪
♪ Upside mine ♪
♪ When you move your
body Up next to mine ♪
♪ Move your body up
And give a sign ♪
And turn it around ♪
♪ Move your body up
And slide it down ♪
♪ Upside mine ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-